Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Welcome! I am a Senior Lecturer in Comparative Politics in the [Department of Politics, Languages, & International Studies](https://www.bath.ac.uk/departments/department-of-politics-languages-international-studies/) at the University of Bath. Before joining Bath, I was a College Fellow in the Department of Government at Harvard University and a Research Fellow in the Women and Public Policy Program (WAPPP) at the Harvard Kennedy School. I have a PhD in Political Science from Harvard University, an MSc in Comparative Politics (Europe) from the LSE, and an AB in Government from Dartmouth College. My research interests include gender and politics, political representation, and political parties, with a regional concentration in Western Europe. My book, Making Gender Salient: From Gender Quota Laws to Policy, was published in 2022 as part of Cambridge University Press' Cambridge Studies in Gender and Politics series. My research has appeared or is forthcoming in journals including American Journal of Political Science, American Political Science Review, Comparative Political Studies, European Political Science Review, Journal of Marriage and Family, and Political Behavior. I am an Editor at Legislative Studies Quarterly, where I handle comparative politics manuscripts.  

I have been honored to receive several awards for my research, including the CES Carolina de Miguel Moyer Young Scholar Award 2024 for the most significant contribution to the interdisciplinary study of Europe for a young scholar, the 2023 Best Paper Award from the American Political Science Association's Women, Gender and Politics research section for my research on  the political consequences of the mental load, and the 2018 Pi Sigma Alpha / Franklin L. Burdette Prize for the best paper presented at the previous year’s meeting of the American Political Science Association for my article, "Why Are Gender Quota Laws Adopted by Men? The Role of Inter- and Intraparty Competition."

Other projects I am excited to be working on now explore the role of women and gender in populist radical right parties, the rise of femonationalism, public support for gender-egalitarian policies, and the impacts of gender quota laws on women's presence in cabinets worldwide.

My Google Scholar page is here.

My CV is here.
